feat(datetime-picker): cascade custom cell slot to calendar (#1008)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: documents/src/pages/elements/datetime-picker.md

</ef-datetime-picker>
```

## Custom cells

> The datetime-picker allows you to customise any cell on the calendar using slots. 
> Slot names must begin with either `from-` or `to-` as a prefix, indicating which side of the calendar you want to customise. 
> After the prefix, you should specify the date, month, or year as `yyyy-MM-dd`, `yyyy-MM`, or `yyyy` respectively to indicate the specific dates, months, or years that you want to customise. If the prefix is not defined, the slot will automatically cascade to the from calendar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datetime-picker allows you to customise cells on the calendar using slots. Slot name could begin with either `from-` or `to-` as a prefix, indicating which side of the calendar to be customised. After the prefix, you need to specify which date, month, or year to be customised with `yyyy-MM-dd`, `yyyy-MM`, or `yyyy`. If the prefix is not defined, the slot will apply to both side of the calendars.
```

Author: Fixed

> ::

Reviewer: Calendar overlay covers most of the list of Germany public holidays. Maybe the list should be placed above of datetime-picker instead?
![image](https://github.com/Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui/assets/117723407/8074eeb6-dc29-4800-ad88-85e45fc68ac8)

Author: I already swap the list to right side.

    <div class="holiday" slot="from-2023-05-01">1</div>
    <div class="holiday" slot="from-2023-05-18">18</div>
    <div class="holiday" slot="from-2023-05-29">29</div>
    <div class="holiday" slot="to-2023-04-07">7</div>
    <div class="holiday" slot="to-2023-04-10">10</div>
    <div class="holiday" slot="to-2023-05-01">1</div>
    <div class="holiday" slot="to-2023-05-18">18</div>
    <div class="holiday" slot="to-2023-05-29">29</div>
  </ef-datetime-picker>
  <div>
    <h5>Germany Public Holidays 2023</h5>
    <h6>April</h6>
    <p>
      07: Good Friday<br>
      10: Easter Monday
    </p>
    <h6>May</h6>
    <p>
      01: Labour Day<br>
      18: Ascension Day<br>
      29: White Monday
    </p>
  </div>
</section>
```

```css
ef-datetime-picker {
  margin-right: 20px;
  --holiday-background-color: #F5475B;
  --holiday-cell-color: #fff;
}

section {
  display: flex;
  height: 290px;
  padding: 0 3px;
}

h5, h6 {
  margin-top: 0px;
}

ef-datetime-picker .holiday {
  background-color: var(--holiday-background-color);
  color: var(--holiday-cell-color);
  width: 100%;
  height: 100%;
  display: flex;
  align-items: center;
  justify-content: center;
}
```
::

> For more advanced use cases, you can use `before-cell-render` event to get [CalendarCell](https://github.com/Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui/blob/v7/packages/elements/src/calendar/types.ts) to style your slotted cell. The event is fired before and every time each cell is rendered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more advanced use cases, you can use `before-cell-render` event to get [CalendarCell](https://github.com/Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui/blob/v7/packages/elements/src/calendar/types.ts) to style your slotted cell. The event is fired before and every time each cell is rendered. From Calendar and to Calendar could be distinguished by their id: `calendar` and `calendar-to` respectively.
```

The example below listens to `before-cell-render` event to query slot contents and uses state from `cell` to add CSS classes to the slot content.

```html
<ef-calendar fill-cells view="2023-04" lang="de">
  <div class="custom-cell" slot="2023-04-04"></div>
  <div class="custom-cell" slot="2023-04-24"></div>
  <div class="custom-cell" slot="2023-04-28"></div>
  <div class="custom-cell" slot="2023-05-16"></div>
  <div class="custom-cell" slot="2023-05-25"></div>
  <div class="custom-cell" slot="2023-05-31"></div>
  <div class="custom-cell" slot="2023-04"></div>
  <div class="custom-cell" slot="2023-05"></div>
  <div class="custom-cell" slot="2023"></div>
</ef-calendar>
```

```javascript
const datetimePicker = document.querySelector('ef-datetime-picker');

datetimePicker?.addEventListener('before-cell-render', (event) => {
  const sourceDatetimePicker = event.target;
  const { cell, calendar } = event.detail;

>   const id = calendar.id === 'calendar-to' ? 'to-' : 'from-';

Reviewer: `prefix` instead of `id`?
```suggestion
  const prefix = calendar.id === 'calendar-to' ? 'to-' : 'from-';
```

Author: Fixed

  const customCell = sourceDatetimePicker.querySelector(`[slot="${id}${cell.value}"]`);
  
  // skip style overriding if there is no content for the cell
  if (!customCell) { return; }

  // use text from component as calendar has built-in locale support
  // for instance, Mai instead of May in German
  customCell.textContent = cell.text;

  // modify classes that match to current cell state
  const customCellClass = customCell.classList;
  const keys = ['range', 'selected'];
  for (const key of keys) {
    cell[key] ? customCellClass.add(key) : customCellClass.remove(key);
  }
});
```

```typescript
import { BeforeCellRenderEvent, CalendarCell } from '@refinitiv-ui/elements/calendar';
import { DatetimePicker } from '@refinitiv-ui/elements/datetime-picker';

const datetimePicker = document.querySelector<DatetimePicker>('ef-datetime-picker');

datetimePicker?.addEventListener('before-cell-render', (event) => {
  const sourceDatetimePicker = event.target as DatetimePicker;
  const { cell, calendar } = (event as BeforeCellRenderEvent).detail;

>   const id = calendar.id === 'calendar-to' ? 'to-' : 'from-';

Reviewer: `prefix` instead of `id`?
```suggestion
  const prefix = calendar.id === 'calendar-to' ? 'to-' : 'from-';
```

Author: Fixed

  const customCell = sourceDatetimePicker.querySelector(`[slot="${id}${cell.value}"]`);

  // skip style overriding if there is no content for the cell
  if (!customCell) { return; }
  
  // use text from component as calendar has built-in locale support
  // for instance, Mai instead of May in German
  customCell.textContent = cell.text;

  // modify classes that match to current cell state
  const customCellClass = customCell.classList;
  const keys = ['range', 'selected'] as Array<keyof CalendarCell>;
  for (const key of keys) {
    cell[key] ? customCellClass.add(key) : customCellClass.remove(key);
  }
});
```

```css
ef-datetime-picker .custom-cell {
  ...
}
ef-datetime-picker .custom-cell.range {
  ...
}
ef-datetime-picker .custom-cell.select {
  ...
}
```

> ::

Reviewer: Calendar overlay covers most of the list of Germany economic events. Maybe the list should be placed above of datetime-picker instead?
![image](https://github.com/Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui/assets/117723407/cc0e73db-70a1-49c5-b264-980d5d5bfd1f)

Author: I already swap the list to right side.

```javascript
::datetime-picker::
const datetimePicker = document.querySelector('ef-datetime-picker');
datetimePicker.views = ['2023-04','2023-05'];

datetimePicker?.addEventListener('before-cell-render', (event) => {
  const sourceDatetimePicker = event.target;
  const { cell, calendar } = event.detail;

>   const id = calendar.id === 'calendar-to' ? 'to-' : 'from-';

Reviewer: `prefix` instead of `id`?
```suggestion
  const prefix = calendar.id === 'calendar-to' ? 'to-' : 'from-';
```

Author: Fixed

</ef-datetime-picker>
```

## Custom cells

> Datetime-picker allows you to customise cells on the calendar using slots. Slot name could begin with either `from-` or `to-` as a prefix, indicating which side of the calendar to be customised. After the prefix, you need to specify which date, month, or year to be customised with `yyyy-MM-dd`, `yyyy-MM`, or `yyyy`. If the prefix is not defined, the slot will apply to from calendar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datetime-picker allows you to customise cells on the calendar using slots. Slot name could begin with either `from-` or `to-` as a prefix, indicating which side of the calendar to be customised. After the prefix, you need to specify which date, month, or year to be customised with `yyyy-MM-dd`, `yyyy-MM`, or `yyyy`. If the prefix is not defined, the slot will apply to "from" calendar only.
```

      29: White Monday
    </p>
  </div>
  <ef-datetime-picker id="duplex-datetime-picker" opened duplex range lang="de">
    <div class="holiday" slot="from-2023-04-07">7</div>
    <div class="holiday" slot="from-2023-04-10">10</div>
    <div class="holiday" slot="from-2023-05-01">1</div>
    <div class="holiday" slot="from-2023-05-18">18</div>
    <div class="holiday" slot="from-2023-05-29">29</div>
    <div class="holiday" slot="to-2023-04-07">7</div>
    <div class="holiday" slot="to-2023-04-10">10</div>
    <div class="holiday" slot="to-2023-05-01">1</div>
    <div class="holiday" slot="to-2023-05-18">18</div>
    <div class="holiday" slot="to-2023-05-29">29</div>
  </ef-datetime-picker>
</section>
```

```css
ef-datetime-picker {
  --holiday-background-color: #F5475B;
  --holiday-cell-color: #fff;
}

div, ef-datetime-picker {
  margin: 20px
}

section {
  display: flex;
  height: 290px;
  padding: 0 3px;
}

h5, h6 {
  margin-top: 0px;
}

ef-datetime-picker .holiday {
  background-color: var(--holiday-background-color);
  color: var(--holiday-cell-color);
  width: 100%;
  height: 100%;
  display: flex;
  align-items: center;
  justify-content: center;
}
```
::

> For more advanced use cases, you can use `before-cell-render` event to get [CalendarCell](https://github.com/Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui/blob/v7/packages/elements/src/calendar/types.ts) to style your slotted cell. The event is fired before and every time each cell is rendered. From Calendar and to Calendar could be distinguished by their id: `calendar` and `calendar-to` respectively.

Reviewer: Just noticed that we don't capitalize our element name. Let's change to this one.
```suggestion
For more advanced use cases, you can use `before-cell-render` event to get [CalendarCell](https://github.com/Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui/blob/v7/packages/elements/src/calendar/types.ts) to style your slotted cell. The event is fired before and every time each cell is rendered.  "From" calendar and "to" calendar could be distinguished by their id: `calendar` and `calendar-to` respectively.
```

Author: Should we change "From" to lowercase?

Reviewer: Yeah, it's pretty awkward. Let's use this one instead.
```suggestion
For more advanced use cases, you can use `before-cell-render` event to get [CalendarCell](https://github.com/Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui/blob/v7/packages/elements/src/calendar/types.ts) to style your slotted cell. The event is fired before and every time each cell is rendered. To distinguish between "from" calendar and "to" calendar, check for their id: `calendar` and `calendar-to` respectively.
```
